At the start of each pay period, you are required to manually create a new timesheet to keep track of your hours.
Be sure to review your organization's guidelines on when the pay period begins.
To create a new timesheet, click the Create Timesheet icon.
The Time - Create Timesheet page will appear, prompting you to create a new timesheet for the time period.
If you want to change the time period, you have two options: you can either type in the date directly or click the Calendar icon to open the calendar and select the desired date.
Click the Save button to confirm your changes.
Upon saving, you will be taken to the new timesheet.
You can preview a timesheet from the following locations.
Timesheets are read-only when previewing them.
To preview a timesheet, click the Magnifying Glass icon next to the timesheet you want to view or click the Preview button.
At the top of the page, you'll see the current pay period and the status of your timesheet.
The most common timesheet statuses you will encounter include INUSE (you're currently editing the timesheet), SUBMITTED (you’re awaiting approval), APPROVING (approval is in progress), and EXTRACTED (processed by Payroll).
If you have questions about other statuses you may receive, please contact your organization's Payroll department.
You can also print your timesheet by clicking the Print Friendly icon.
Near the bottom of the page is the Approval History dropdown menu, which shows the approval history of the selected timesheet, including information about when the timesheet's status was updated.
You can edit a timesheet in the following locations.
To edit a timesheet, click the Pencil icon next to the timesheet you want to edit or click the Edit button.
For detailed instructions on how to enter hours please refer to the Time - Current Page video.